[VOICE OVER] So, who is trying to get
this information?
Organizations are under constant attack
by cybercriminals, also known as hackers.
Either by tricking people or using software,
their goal is to illegally gain access or
control of computer systems.
If their attacks are successful, the result
is a data breach, which is the intentional
or unintentional release of secure information
to an unsecured environment.
Sometimes they do this using social engineering,
which is the art of manipulating, influencing,
or deceiving you into taking some action that
isn’t in your own best interest or the best
interest of your organization.
Often, they also use malware, which is short
for “malicious software,” an umbrella term
for all the software out there that is being
used by cybercriminals to spy on you and
steal your information.
These hackers are after your organization’s
crown jewels.
In this case, they are after all the credit
card data in your system.
For instance, on Nov. 30, 2018, Marriott and
its Starwood Hotel brand reported a data breach
of staggering proportions, believed to have
included compromised information for almost
500 million customers.
Shockingly, the breach likely began over 4 years
earlier in July 2014 and included their customer’s
payment information, names, mailing addresses,
phone numbers, email addresses, and passport numbers.
What most people don't know, and can be even more
shocking, is that for every big breach that makes
the headlines, dozens of smaller data breaches occur
in less well-known companies.
The cost of a breach goes well beyond the actual losses.
Fines may be imposed, cards have to be replaced, and
investigations by outside parties must be done—all of which
are paid for by the company that was breached.
While that is bad enough, it gets worse!
There are also indirect costs that would impact
future sales, such as:
disruption to the business, time spent notifying victims
and investigating the incident,
providing customers with credit reporting services or
identity theft protection, and, most importantly,
loss of goodwill and customer loyalty.
That’s why it is in the best interest of your entire
organization for you to understand your role in
keeping credit card information secure.